Add a note about EclipseLink persistence.xml location (#907)
apache/polaris: site/content/in-dev/unreleased/metastores.md

`persistence.xml`, is used to set up the database connection properties, which can differ depending
on the type of database and its configuration.

> > Note: EclipseLink is scanning the folder containing the `persistence.xml` but also the parent folder. If this reason, you have to locate the `persistence.xml` at least two folders down to the root folder, e.g. `/deployments/config/persistence.xml` is correct, whereas `/deployments/persistence.xml` is not correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: EclipseLink is scanning the folder containing the `persistence.xml` but also the parent folder. For this reason, you have to locate the `persistence.xml` at least two folders down to the root folder, e.g. `/deployments/config/persistence.xml` is correct, whereas `/deployments/persistence.xml` is not correct.
```

> > Note: EclipseLink is scanning the folder containing the `persistence.xml` but also the parent folder. For this reason, you have to locate the `persistence.xml` at least two folders down to the root folder, e.g. `/deployments/config/persistence.xml` is correct, whereas `/deployments/persistence.xml` is not correct.
> 

Reviewer 2: > EclipseLink is scanning the folder containing the `persistence.xml` but also the parent folder.

is this really the reason why it goes to infinity loop? We'd better not mention it if we are not sure.

```suggestion
> Note: You have to locate the `persistence.xml` at least two folders down to the root folder, e.g. `/deployments/config/persistence.xml` is OK, whereas `/deployments/persistence.xml` will cause an infinity loop.
```

Author: It's related to JPA spec and the fact EclipseLink is using `classLoader.getResource()`: we allow to use "external" resources instead of the "container" packaging:

```
EJB modules: you can package your entities in an EJB JAR. When defining a persistence unit in an EJB JAR, the persistence.xml file is not optional–you must create and place it in the META-INF directory of the JAR alongside the deployment descriptor, if it exists.

Web modules: you can use a WAR file to package your entities. In this case, place the persistence.xml file in the WEB-INF/classes/META-INF directory. Since the WEB-INF/classes directory is automatically on the classpath of the WAR, specify the mapping file relative to that directory.

Persistence archives: a persistence archive is a JAR that contains a persistence.xml file in its META-INF directory and the managed classes for the persistence unit defined by the persistence.xml file. Use a persistence archive if you want to allow multiple components in different Java EE modules to share or access a persistence unit.

Once you create a persistence archive, you can place it in either the root or the application library directory of the EAR. Alternatively, you can place the persistence archive in the WEB-INF/lib directory of a WAR. This will make the persistence unit accessible only to the classes inside the WAR, but it enables the decoupling of the definition of the persistence unit from the web archive itself.
```

So yes, that causes issue in classloader/resource scan imho.
